Update user-agent-guidance.md (#1296)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/user-agent-guidance.md

---
description: This article describes how to detect Microsoft Edge data with user agent client hints and user agent string
title: Detecting Microsoft Edge from your website
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: v-vchapel

> ms.date: 06/11/2021

Reviewer: Need to update the ms.date field.

---
description: This article describes how to detect Microsoft Edge data with user agent client hints and user agent string
title: Detecting Microsoft Edge from your website
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: v-vchapel
ms.date: 06/22/2021
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: microsoft edge, compatibility, web platform, user agent string, ua string, ua overrides, user-agent client hints, user agent client hints, ua client hints, ua ch, feature detection, browser identification, browser detection, header, https header, verify chromium, detect microsoft edge, detecting microsoft edge
---

> # Detecting Microsoft Edge from your website

Reviewer 2: Might want to change the toc.yml entry too

Author: Oh of course, changed, thanks for letting me know!

> Detecting and restricting access to your site is not recommended because users may not be able to reach your content or products. However, in some cases you may want to provide different experiences to users of different browsers. For example, if you include steps on how to configure Edge or another browser for use with your site, you may want to detect the browser, and then show the appropriate content to that user.

Reviewer 3: Hmm I liked that the original gave an overview of what type of information websites can detect via user agent data, as opposed to jumping straight into "don't detect Edge to block it", which should be the use case for a minority of developers. Can we also include a quick sentence in the beginning to outline that?

> Detecting and restricting access to your site is not recommended because users may not be able to reach your content or products. However, in some cases you may want to provide different experiences to users of different browsers. For example, if you include steps on how to configure Edge or another browser for use with your site, you may want to detect the browser, and then show the appropriate content to that user.

Author: Tried to include both suggestions in the new version ... let me know, thanks

> Detecting and restricting access to your site is not recommended because users may not be able to reach your content or products. However, in some cases you may want to provide different experiences to users of different browsers. For example, if you include steps on how to configure Edge or another browser for use with your site, you may want to detect the browser, and then show the appropriate content to that user.

Reviewer 4: I like the way this reads now, thanks!

Mechanisms for browser detection with code location and identifiers:

| Mechanism | Code Location |  
|:--- |:--- | 

> | **Feature Detection** \(recommended\) | Client-side: `navigator.userAgentData.brands` JavaScript method |

Reviewer 3: +1. I'd also suggest leaving the comparison for CH vs string so current devs using the UA string can see at a glance what is changing.

> | **Feature Detection** \(recommended\) | Client-side: `navigator.userAgentData.brands` JavaScript method |

Author: Let me know if the next version is better.

> | **Feature Detection** \(recommended\) | Client-side: `navigator.userAgentData.brands` JavaScript method |

Reviewer 4: The lead-in is definitely better IMO, but I still think the line about Feature Detection doesn't really have a place here. Can we remove that entry from the table?

> | **Feature Detection** \(recommended\) | Client-side: `navigator.userAgentData.brands` JavaScript method |

Reviewer 3: Can we keep the old table comparing Client Hints and the User Agent string? Feature detection shouldn't be included here.

| **User-Agent Client Hints** \(recommended\) | Server-side: `Sec-CH-UA` HTTPS header |
| | Client-side: `navigator.userAgentData` JavaScript method |  
| **User-Agent String** \(legacy\) | Server-side:`User-Agent` HTTPS header | 
| | Client-side: `navigator.userAgent` JavaScript method |  

This article describes the methods Microsoft Edge supports for retrieving user agent information.

## Feature detection

> Microsoft recommends detecting if a feature is supported in your browser. We do not recommend that you use feature detection to detect a specific browser. For more information see [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection].

Reviewer 4: > We do not recommend that you use feature detection to detect a specific browser.

I don't think we need this sentence. Generally, sites will use either feature detection (ex: Does the current browser support WebRTC? If it does, let's use it) or browser detection (ex: Is the current browser Microsoft Edge? If it is, we know that the browser supports WebRTC so let's use that feature). There aren't "legitimate" cases where a site would use feature detection to guess at which browser it's running in.

Author: Removed

If you must detect browsers, we recommend using client hints as follows.

> ## User Agent Client Hints

Reviewer 2: global: User-Agent (w/ hyphen) for consistency.  https://www.bing.com/search?q=%22user+agent+client+hints%22

Author: I wasn't sure about this one myself ... most in the topic had no hyphen so I went with that ... welcome other opinions @Reezaali

Reviewer 4: I think either is fine so long as we're consistent

Reviewer 2: Microsoft Writing Style Guide in [Hyphens](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=28765) article says "Hyphenate two or more words that precede and modify a noun as a unit if: ... Confusion might result without the hyphen."  

The below spec hyphenates "User-Agent" and uses init-caps; presents it as a formal technical term.  That's a pretty strong indication to follow suit.  Affects What's New 93 too.

Reviewer 2: @Reezaali - pls see spec https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/ which uses "User-Agent", and advise on hyphen & init-caps.

Author: Settled on User-Agent

> ## User Agent Client Hints

Reviewer 4: Somewhere early in this section, I think it might be useful to include a link to the spec:
https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/

I know you link it further down, but I feel like an early mention could be helpful

Author: Done

Microsoft Edge supports User-Agent Client Hints starting with version 90.

> User-Agent Client Hints easily retrieve basic data such as the browser name and whether or not it is mobile. Also, hints are more likely to be supported in the long term as User-Agent string usage declines.

Reviewer 4: > Also, hints are more likely to be supported in the long term as User-Agent string usage declines.

The primary entity trying to drive a decline in User-Agent string usage is Chrome. We're also trying to do the same, but with less users our efforts are less impactful. Our plans are to move people off the User-Agent string and on to Client Hints.

That in mind, I feel like we'd want to assure people that Client Hints are the way of the future and the User-Agent string is on its way out. I'm not sure what the best way to write that would be. How about something like this:

> Also, hints will continue to be supported in the long term whereas browsers are in the process of reducing the information contained in the User-Agent string.

A link to this might also be useful somewhere:
https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944

Reviewer 3: Maybe something along the lines of: 

User-Agent Client Hints is a cleaner, more privacy-preserving way to access various information about the browser such as browser name, version number, platform, and more. Over time, the User-Agent string will be frozen and deprecated by various browsers, for example https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944.

Author: Made the change, thanks for the great example wording

Employ User-Agent Client Hints when you want to:
- Determine if new browser activity is from the expected user.
- Customize hints or instructions if the user is new to this site.

Do not use User-Agent Client Hints to:
- Block *unsupported* browsers.
- Restrict access to features on your site.

> For more information, navigate to the at [W3C Community Draft Report | User-Agent Client Hints][https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/].

Reviewer 4: I think there's a typo here. I think this should be:

> For more information, navigate to the specification at

Author: Oh yes 🤢  ... fixed.

### User Agent Client Hints HTTPS header

> When a browser requests a web page from a server, it sends an HTTPS client header request. The server replies with a specific set of HTTPS response header data. User-Agent Client Hints automatically return the brand and mobile attributes. It can easily include additional data.

Reviewer 4: > When a browser requests a web page from a server, it sends an HTTPS client header request

Since we're specifically talking about Edge here, consider something like this phrasing:

> When Microsoft Edge sends an HTTPS request to a server, it sends the User-Agent Client Hints headers that correspond to browser brand and mobile information.

Reviewer 4: Were you going to make this change? You could keep "browser" instead of "Microsoft Edge" if you'd like, but I think the rest of my suggestion is a bit more accurate.

Author: Missed it somehow, fixed now!

> When a browser requests a web page from a server, it sends an HTTPS client header request. The server replies with a specific set of HTTPS response header data. User-Agent Client Hints automatically return the brand and mobile attributes. It can easily include additional data.

Reviewer 4: > The server replies with a specific set of HTTPS response header data. User-Agent Client Hints automatically return the brand and mobile attributes. It can easily include additional data.

The server only really needs to do anything if it wants more than the basic (brand and mobile) data. That in mind, consider something like this:

> If the server requires more granular information about the browser, its response includes an `Accept-CH` header. The value of that response header is a comma separated list of all the Client Hints request headers the server wants from the browser (ex: `Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Platform,Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version`). Microsoft Edge's next HTTPS request to that server will include the requested User-Agent Client Hints headers.

Reviewer 4: Were you going to make a change like this?

> When a browser requests a web page from a server, it sends an HTTPS client header request. The server replies with a specific set of HTTPS response header data. User-Agent Client Hints automatically return the brand and mobile attributes. It can easily include additional data.

Reviewer 4: I see "User-Agent Client Hints" in here. I'm not sure whether you'll end up choosing to include the hyphen or not (either is fine with me), but let's be consistent. The heading for this section, for example, is not hyphenated

Author: Yes ... I started removing the hyphens in heading as bad form ... but it is better to be consistent. Most sites we reference (and our own) prefer hyphens for both UA stings and UA CH, so I went that direction.

> By default, Chromium browsers including Microsoft Edge send the `Accept-CH-UA` response header in the following format.  

Reviewer 4: Whoops, looks like we had a typo before any of these edits! This should read:

> By default, Chromium browsers including Microsoft Edge send the `Sec-CH-UA` and `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile` request headers in the following format.

> By default, Chromium browsers including Microsoft Edge send the `Sec-CH-UA` and `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile` response header in the following format.  

Reviewer 4: I learned recently that the Brave browser, another Chromium-based browser, isn't intending to support UA client hints. For that reason, I'm thinking we should stick to talking about Edge only in this part. Ex:

> By default, Microsoft Edge sends the

Also, should we use a colon instead of a period at the end of the sentence?

Reviewer 2: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/punctuation/colons

Author: Use colons sparingly ... I'm using that to justify not changing this one ... but it might be a gray area.  Otherwise fixed.

```https
Sec-CH-UA: "Chromium";v="92", "Microsoft Edge";v="92","Placeholder;Browser Brand";v="99"
Sec-CH-UA-Mobile: ?0
```  

> The following table shows the available header request hints with sample responses. For example, to discover information such as operating system, include `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` in the header request.

Reviewer 4: > The following table shows the available header request hints with sample responses. For example, to discover information such as operating system, include `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` in the header request.

I think this should read simply:

> The following table shows all available hints request headers with sample values.

Reviewer 4: Were you going to make this change?

  

| User-Agent Request header | Example User-Agent response value |  
|:--- |:--- |  
| `Sec-CH-UA` | `"Chromium";v="91", "Microsoft Edge";v="91","GREASE";v="99"` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile` | `false` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version` | `91.0.866.0` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` | `Windows` |  

> | `Sec-CH-UA Platform-Version` | `10.0` |  

Reviewer 4: Another typo we had missed. Could you update this?

> Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version

Reviewer 4: Were you going to make this change?

> | `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile` | `false` |  

Reviewer 4: In UA client hints headers, `false` is represented as `?0`. Could we update this?

Author: Added ?0 and ?1 as examples.

Reviewer 4: In each other entry in the table, though, there is only one example. Could we only have one here too? Since we include `?0` above, maybe `?1` would be a good example here

> | `Sec-CH-UA-Arch` | `x86` |  

Reviewer 4: I learned recently that one more UA CH header was added to the spec since this doc was originally written. Can we include one more line below the Arch header:
```
| `Sec-CH-UA-Bitness` | `64` |
```

Author: Done

| `Sec-CH-UA-Model` | `Surface Pro` |  

> [!NOTE]
> User-Agent Client Hints are only sent over secure connections using `HTTPS`.

### User Agent Client Hints JavaScript API  

You can access User-Agent Client Hints using Javascript on the client side. When you call the default `navigator.userAgentData` it returns the following response.  

```javascript
{ brands: [ {brand: "Chromium","version":"91"}, {brand: "Microsoft Edge","version":"91"}, {brand: "GREASE","version":"99"}, ]
mobile: false }
```  

> To help you discover issues such as hardcoded brand names, Microsoft Edge includes a `GREASE` brand value that changes over time and is formatted to break if it detects common string parsing issues.

Reviewer 4: > Microsoft Edge includes a `GREASE` brand value that changes over time and is formatted to break if it detects common string parsing issues.

We're not able to detect string parsing issues. The purpose of a changing GREASE value is to break other people's potentially "incorrect" usage of Client Hints. For example, we don't want people to detect Edge version 91 by checking if the brands list is exactly:
`{brand: "Chromium","version":"91"}, {brand: "Microsoft Edge","version":"91"}, {brand: "GREASE","version":"99"}`
Rather, we want them to detect Edge version 91 if and only if there is a brand in that list that is "Microsoft Edge" and the corresponding version is "91", meaning something like this would pass an Edge 91 check too:
`{brand: "Microsoft Edge","version":"91"}, {brand: "Chromium","version":"91"}, {brand: "BROWSER","version":"100"}`

So, I think this should read more like:

> Microsoft Edge includes a `GREASE` brand value that changes over time. Its purpose is to prevent sites from attempting to match the entire brand list when attempting to detect a version of Edge.

Author: fixed

Employ User-Agent Client Hints when you want to:
- Determine if new browser activity is from the expected user.
- Customize hints or instructions if the user is new to this site.

Do not use User-Agent Client Hints to:
- Block *unsupported* browsers.
- Restrict access to features on your site.

For more information, navigate to the specification at [W3C Community Draft Report | User-Agent Client Hints][https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/].

### User-Agent Client Hints HTTPS header

When Microsoft Edge sends an HTTPS request to a server, it sends the User-Agent Client Hints headers that correspond to browser brand and mobile information. If the server requires more granular information about the browser, its response includes an `Accept-CH` header. The value of that response header is a comma-separated list of all the Client Hints request headers the server wants from the browser, such as `Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Platform,Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version`. The next Microsoft Edge HTTPS request to the server will include the requested User-Agent Client Hints headers.

> By default, Microsoft Edge send the `Sec-CH-UA` and `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile` response header in the following format.  

Reviewer 4: Literally 20 mins ago, I found out that there is now one more so-called "Low Entropy" header that will get sent by default: `Sec-CH-UA-Platform`. Consequently, A few edits are in order:

- Above, the example of `Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Platform,Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version` should be updated to `Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version,Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version`
- Here, we need to include the new header:

> By default, Microsoft Edge sends the `Sec-CH-UA`, `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile`, and `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` request headers in the following format.

- Below, we should add an example for `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` (We can use the same one as in the table we have below)

Author: sent a mock-up in Teams, let me know.

By default, Microsoft Edge sends the `Sec-CH-UA`, `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile`, and `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` request headers in the following format.  

```https
Sec-CH-UA: "Chromium";v="92", "Microsoft Edge";v="92","Placeholder;Browser Brand";v="99"
Sec-CH-UA-Mobile: ?0
Sec-CH-UA-Platform: "Windows"
```  

The following table shows all available hints request headers with sample values.

| User-Agent request header | Example User-Agent response value |  
|:--- |:--- |  
| `Sec-CH-UA` | `"Chromium";v="91", "Microsoft Edge";v="91","GREASE";v="99"` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Mobile` | `?0` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version` | `91.0.866.0` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Platform` | `Windows` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version` | `10.0` |  
| `Sec-CH-UA-Arch` | `x86` | 
| `Sec-CH-UA-Bitness` | `64` |
| `Sec-CH-UA-Model` | `Surface Pro` |  

> [!NOTE]
> User-Agent Client Hints are only sent over secure connections using `HTTPS`.

### User-Agent Client Hints JavaScript API  

You can access User-Agent Client Hints using JavaScript on the client side. When you call the default `navigator.userAgentData` it returns the following response.  

> ```javascript

Author: changed

{ brands: [ {brand: "Chromium","version":"91"}, {brand: "Microsoft Edge","version":"91"}, {brand: "GREASE","version":"99"}, ]

> mobile: false }

Author: this is the only change i left as-is, the format is http, which is how it is coded in the source file.

```  

Microsoft Edge includes a `GREASE` brand value that changes over time. It prevents sites from matching the entire brand list when attempting to detect a version of Microsoft Edge.

To request more detailed information such as `platform`, use the following code.

> :::row:::

Reviewer: Can we remove the side-by-side format? Let's stack the code blocks vertically instead?

Author: done

If you must detect browsers, Microsoft recommends using client hints as follows.

## User-Agent Client Hints

Microsoft Edge supports User-Agent Client Hints starting with version 90.

User-Agent Client Hints is a cleaner, more privacy-preserving way to access browser information such as browser name, version number, platform, and more. Soon the User-Agent string will be frozen and deprecated by various browsers. For example, the Chrome Platform Status site describes the change in [Feature: Reduce User-Agent string information][https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944].

Employ User-Agent Client Hints when you want to:
- Determine if new browser activity is from the expected user.
- Customize hints or instructions if the user is new to this site.

Do not use User-Agent Client Hints to:
- Block *unsupported* browsers.
- Restrict access to features on your site.

For more information, navigate to the W3C Community Draft Report at [User-Agent Client Hints][https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/].

### User-Agent Client Hints HTTPS header

> When a browser requests a web page from a server, it sends an HTTPS client header request. The server replies with a specific set of HTTPS response header data. User-Agent Client Hints automatically return the brand and mobile attributes. It can easily include more data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a browser requests a web page from a server, it sends an HTTPS client header request. The server replies with a specific set of HTTPS response header data. User-Agent Client Hints automatically returns the brand and mobile attributes. It can easily include more data.

```

Author: Replaced the whole thing with better wording. Thanks for checking!

## Feature detection

> Microsoft recommends detecting if a feature is supported in your browser. For more information, see [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection].

Reviewer 4: Could we update this to say that we prefer feature detection over any form of browser detection whenever possible?

Ex:

> Microsoft recommends detecting if a feature is supported in your browser whenever possible instead of detecting the browser.

If you must detect browsers, Microsoft recommends using client hints as follows.

## User-Agent Client Hints

Microsoft Edge supports User-Agent Client Hints starting with version 90.

> User-Agent Client Hints is a cleaner, more privacy-preserving way to access browser information such as browser name, version number, platform, and more. Soon the User-Agent string will be frozen and deprecated by various browsers. For example, the Chrome Platform Status site describes the change in [Feature: Reduce User-Agent string information][https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944].

Reviewer 4: Looks like the link at the end of the line wasn't quite formatted correctly. When linking to a URL, I think you need parentheses:

Ex: `[Google](https://google.com)` -> [Google](https://google.com)

Author: The "review" environment doesn't some resolve links ... and I'm not sure why we use [][] instead of []() ... but both work. Maybe ask Reeza  B^)

Reviewer 2: Tip for everyone:  When you're reading docs at a "review" url, eg
https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2021/07/devtools?branch=user%2Fv-mhoffman%2Fwhatsnew93
and you click a link and get a 404, simply delete "review." from the URL and then Refresh; usually this way you can prove that the link will resolve when at the real site.

Reviewer 2: re [][] see my comment below, I show the 2 patterns that work.  There are pros & cons (costs) of the long form and I don't know that this policy of which form to use is cast in stone.

- Block *unsupported* browsers.
- Restrict access to features on your site.

> For more information, navigate to the W3C Community Draft Report at [User-Agent Client Hints][https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/].

Reviewer 4: Same here, looks like we have to fix up this link

Reviewer 2: Option 1: A regular link syntax is [link text](URL).  
Option 2: A "reference" link syntax is two lines:
[link text][reference string describing the path]
[reference string describing the path]: url "title of destination | site or type of site"
See examples in repo.

Author: Missed that the first time, fixed now, thanks!

   :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::  

For more information navigate to [getHighEntropyValues()][GithubWicgUaClientHintsGethighentropyvalues].

### Using feature detection with User Agent Client Hints

> Combining User-Agent Client Hints with [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] is the best mechanism for browser identification. Microsoft recommends using it whenever possible to:

Reviewer 4: I mentioned earlier in the review that feature detection is not quite the same thing as browser detection. Using both things is generally good web design, but I don't know if we need to call that out explicitly. Should we omit this section?

Author: I have no idea ... maybe you and @jenny-microsoft and @Reezaali can reach a consensus on this one ...

Reviewer 4: Alright, how's this:

- We change the title of this section to something like "User-Agent Client Hints Best Practices" or "User-Agent Client Hints Tips"
- We rephrase this particular part to read:

> Combining User-Agent Client Hints with feature detection is an effective way to deliver compatible web content. Microsoft recommends using this pattern to:

- After the bulleted list, we add a sentence before "Use this method to verify.." that reads something like this (to clarify the code example):

> In addition, Microsoft recommends detecting Chromium, the engine that powers both Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome, when it is necessary to check for a Chrome-like browser.

Reviewer 3: +1. Let's keep references to feature detection to a minimum. The general point we want to make is "if you can use feature detection, don't read this article and don't use user agent for browser detection".

* Improve code maintainability.
* Reduce code fragility.  
* Reduce code breakage from changes to the User-Agent String.

Use this method to verify the `Chromium` brand and apply detection to all affected Chromium based browsers.

```javascript
function isChromium() {
    for (brand_version_pair in navigator.userAgentData.brands) {
        if (brand_version_pair.brand == "Chromium"){
            return true;
        }
    }
    return false;
}
```

Brand names and the associated display order change over time. Avoid hard-coding brand names.

If you cannot use [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection], don't use a hardcoded list of known Chromium-based browsers for verification. Examples of hardcoded browser names include `Microsoft Edge` and `Google Chrome`.  [Feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] may not be available because a fix for a Chromium bug in later versions must be avoided and the affected browsers are difficult to detect.

> ## User Agent string  

Reviewer 2: possibly globally have a hyphen; User-Agent string.  Debatable.  Should be consistent, in any case.  
- Check https://www.bing.com/search?q=%22user%20agent%20string%22
- Check full-text search in repo, it's both ways.  user agent string vs user-agent string

Author: Tried to standardize on User-Agent

   :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::  

For more information, navigate to [getHighEntropyValues()][GithubWicgUaClientHintsGethighentropyvalues].

### User-Agent Client Hints suggested use

Combining User-Agent Client Hints with [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] is an effective way to deliver compatible web content. Microsoft recommends using this pattern to:
* Improve code maintainability.
* Reduce code fragility.  
* Reduce code breakage from changes to the User-Agent String.

> If you need to check for a Chromium-based browser, Microsoft recommends detecting `Chromium`; the engine that powers both Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome.

Author: I like it, thanks! Fixed.

Use this method to verify the `Chromium` brand and apply detection to all affected Chromium-based browsers.

```javascript
function isChromium() {
    for (brand_version_pair in navigator.userAgentData.brands) {
        if (brand_version_pair.brand == "Chromium"){
            return true;
        }
    }
    return false;
}
```

Display orders of brand names change over time. Avoid hard-coding checks for brands at specific indices.

If you cannot use [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection], don't use a hardcoded list of known Chromium-based browsers for verification. Examples of hardcoded browser names include `Microsoft Edge` and `Google Chrome`. [Feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] may not be available because a fix for a Chromium bug in later versions must be avoided and the affected browsers are difficult to detect.

## User-Agent strings

User-Agent strings are outdated and have a long history of causing website compatibility issues.

> Wherever possible, Microsoft recommends minimizing use of Microsoft Edge browser detection logic based on the user-agent string. If you have a good reason to detect the user agent, the Microsoft Edge team recommends using [User-Agent Client Hints](#user-agent-client-hints) as the primary detection logic. [User-Agent Client Hints](#user-agent-client-hints) also reduces the required number of parsed strings.

Reviewer 4: nitpick: It feels like we're saying "user-agent string" a lot here. Maybe we can update this phrase:

> If you have a good reason to detect the user agent,

To be something like:

> If you have a good reason to detect the browser,

Reviewer 4: nitpick: The phrasing at the end:

> also reduces the required number of parsed strings.

reads a bit more accurately if it's something like:

> also reduces the complexity in browser detection code.

I say this because I don't know if it's accurate to say that UA CH involves significantly less parsing in general, but it's definitely simpler to implement.

Author: Done and done.

   :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::  

For more information, navigate to [getHighEntropyValues()][GithubWicgUaClientHintsGethighentropyvalues].

### User-Agent Client Hints suggested use

Combining User-Agent Client Hints with [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] is an effective way to deliver compatible web content. Microsoft recommends using this pattern to:
* Improve code maintainability.
* Reduce code fragility.  
* Reduce code breakage from changes to the User-Agent String.

> If you need to check for a Chrome-like browser, Microsoft recommends detecting `Chromium`; the engine that powers both Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to check for a Chrome-like browser, Microsoft recommends detecting `Chromium`, which is the engine that powers Microsoft Edge.

```

Use this method to verify the `Chromium` brand and apply detection to all affected Chromium-based browsers.

```javascript
function isChromium() {
    for (brand_version_pair in navigator.userAgentData.brands) {
        if (brand_version_pair.brand == "Chromium"){
            return true;
        }
    }
    return false;
}
```

> Display orders of brand names change over time. Avoid hard-coding checks for brands at specific indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the above method to avoid hard-coding checks for brands at specific indices. Display orders of brand names can change over time. 
```

If you cannot use [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection], don't use a hardcoded list of known Chromium-based browsers for verification. Examples of hardcoded browser names include `Microsoft Edge` and `Google Chrome`. [Feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] may not be available because a fix for a Chromium bug in later versions must be avoided and the affected browsers are difficult to detect.

## User-Agent strings

User-Agent strings are outdated and have a long history of causing website compatibility issues.

Wherever possible, Microsoft recommends minimizing use of Microsoft Edge browser detection logic based on the User-Agent String. If you have a good reason to detect the browser, the Microsoft Edge team recommends using [User-Agent Client Hints](#user-agent-client-hints) as the primary detection logic. [User-Agent Client Hints](#user-agent-client-hints) also reduces the complexity of browser detection code.

For legacy reference, the following format was used for User-Agent string.  

:::row:::

>    :::column span="":::

Reviewer: Can we remove the side-by-side format?

Author: done

   :::column-end:::
:::row-end:::  

For more information, navigate to [getHighEntropyValues()][GithubWicgUaClientHintsGethighentropyvalues].

### Using feature detection with User-Agent Client Hints

Combining User-Agent Client Hints with [feature detection][MdnLearnToolsTestingCrossBrowserTestingFeatureDetection] is the best mechanism for browser identification. Microsoft recommends using it whenever possible to:
* Improve code maintainability.
* Reduce code fragility.  
* Reduce code breakage from changes to the User-Agent String.

Use this method to verify the `Chromium` brand and apply detection to all affected Chromium-based browsers.

```javascript
function isChromium() {
    for (brand_version_pair in navigator.userAgentData.brands) {
        if (brand_version_pair.brand == "Chromium"){
            return true;
        }
    }
    return false;
}
```

> Brand names and the associated display order change over time. Avoid hard-coding brand names.

Reviewer 4: I think the Brand names will stay constant, but the order in which they're displayed is what will change over time. Can we clarify that here?

Reviewer 3: Let's replace with "Display order of brand names changes over time. Avoid hard-coding checks for brands at specific indices"

Author: Done

The overrides specify new user agent values that Microsoft Edge sends instead of the default user agent for specific websites. To display the list of user agent overrides that are currently applied, complete the following actions.  

1. Open the Microsoft Edge Beta or Stable channel.  
1. Navigate to `edge://compat/useragent`.  

The Microsoft Edge Canary and Dev channels don't currently receive user agent overrides. The Microsoft Edge Canary and Dev channels provide environments that use the default Microsoft Edge user agent. Use the Microsoft Edge Canary and Dev channels to reproduce issues on your website caused by the default Microsoft Edge user agent. To turn off user agent overrides in the Microsoft Edge Beta or Stable channels, complete the following actions.  

1. Open a command prompt. For example, enter **CMD** in the Windows search text box and select the **Command Prompt** app.

> 1. Copy and paste the following code snippet.  

Reviewer 4: One more typo from before your edits: I think we just want people to copy the snippet below. They paste it in the next numbered step

Author: fixed
